If you don't take risks, you can't create a future. — Monkey D. Luffy
People's lives don't end when they die. It ends when they lose faith. — Itachi Uchiha
The world isn't perfect. But it's there for us, doing the best it can. — Roy Mustang
I'll leave tomorrow's problems to tomorrow's me. — Saitama
A lesson without pain is meaningless. — Edward Elric
In order to overcome a wall, you have to think of it as just one wall. — Eren Jaeger
Hard work is worthless for those that don't believe in themselves. — Naruto Uzumaki
The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed. — Lelouch Lamperouge
A dropout will beat a genius through hard work. — Rock Lee
If you can't find a reason to fight, then you shouldn't be fighting. — Tanjiro Kamado
The world is cruel, but also very beautiful. — Mikasa Ackerman
Being alone is more painful than getting hurt. — Monkey D. Luffy
It's not always possible to do what we want to do. — Itachi Uchiha
A person becomes strong when they have someone to protect. — Haku
Fear is not evil. It tells you what your weakness is. — Gildarts Clive
Power is not determined by your size, but the size of your heart and dreams. — Monkey D. Luffy
You should enjoy the little detours. To the fullest. — Eiichiro Oda
The moment you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long. — Natsu Dragneel
When you give up, that's when the game is over. — Mitsuyoshi Anzai
Those who forgive themselves, and are able to accept their true nature... They are the strong ones. — Itachi Uchiha
A genius, huh? What does that mean? Genius? I'll tell you what I think. — Might Guy
The scariest thing about not trusting people is that you can't do anything alone. — Korosensei
If you really want to be strong... Stop caring about what your surrounding thinks of you! — Saitama
Whatever you lose, you'll find it again. But what you throw away you'll never get back. — Himura Kenshin
A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage. — Hero's Shade
The ticket to the future is always open. — Vash the Stampede
Comrade means one who shares the same fate. — Erwin Smith
I am the bone of my sword. — Archer
People who can't throw something important away, can never hope to change anything. — Armin Arlert
Move forward. You got two legs, so stand up and use them. — Edward Elric
